I just heard your dad apologize to you.
Dad, Dad, no one can give you information about this matter.
OK, you like him, you propose to him.
What about us, am I? You, it’s because of you, right?
Right, let me tell you,
I tell you, I tell you, I tell you,
I tell you, I tell you, I tell you.
I tell you, I tell you, I tell you, I tell you, I tell you, I tell you, I tell you, I tell you, I tell you, I tell you.
It's you and I've already killed you
Are you okay then?
What do you freeze dry?
Keep your teeth
Go to the old house and give birth to you
Show me to him
Ali also came back with me, yes, yes, yes, yes.
It was indeed our parents who pulled us away
Don't worry
Why are you trying to help me?
OK thank you
What are you waiting for?